gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: gluuPerson

gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: inetOrgPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
gluuAttributeOrigin: eduPerson
